I tried initially to use the toner tranfer method to print the PCB circuit on the copper board, but the toner would not transfer, although the paper was specially designed for this. I next tried the UV photoresist method and this worked reasonably well. The greatest challenge is to obtain a sufficiently opaque mask. For this, the highest resolution allowed by the printer should be used (1200 dpi, although 600 could work as well). The PCB layout must be inverted. The copper board must be cleaned, first with acetone and then using a fine sandpaper. The PCB should be covered with very little water so that when placing the UV photoresist, there are no air bubbles. It is crucial to laminate the photoresist on the PCB, for which the mildest heat should be used (Tamerica laminator heat setting 2). If the heat is too high, the photoresist will darken. It is sufficient to pass the PCB once through the laminator. Two to three layer of transparency with PCB layout mask should be aligned and glues to each other so that contrast is improved. This is essential since using only one layer, there will be small gaps in the print. For UV exposure, a nail curing UV lamp was used, 3 minutes of exposure gives optimal results. Too long exposure will risk fusing the tracts. The board is then developed in a soda ash solution 5g/500 mL milliQ water. With a brush and with the gloves, the unexposed photoresist is removed. The board must be checked for track fusing and correction should be made. Then the board is etched in an iron chloride solution. Warming up the solution and agitation speed up the etching. Also gently touching the surface of the PCB with a brush speed up the process. The exposed photoresist is removed using a sodium hydroxide solution. The copper PCB is then coated with a liquid tinning solution to improve the long term stability of the board.